Where are your stores?
1.2
It's one of the first questions — and one of the easiest to get wrong.
2.1
Never say 'we have stores all across the country' as a vague deflection.
2.2
If their city isn't on the list, always offer a sample delivery or a video call with an expert.
3.1
Open today: three Delhi stores — Sultanpur, Kirti Nagar, and Saket at Select City Walk.
3.2
Mohali.
3.3
Mumbai at Lower Parel.
3.4
Surat.
3.5
And internationally, Gainesville, Florida.
3.6
Coming up: Bangalore, Indiranagar — about a month out.
3.7
And Hyderabad, Jubilee Hills — under renovation.
4.1
Service is pan-India, with international expansion under way.
4.2
Asked about projects in a specific city?
4.3
We've done multiple projects across India — I can check with our team about installations in your city.
4.4
Precise, honest, helpful.
5.1
Note these.
5.2
One — never say 'stores all across the country'; be specific.
5.3
Two — open today: three Delhi stores, Mohali, Mumbai, Surat, and Florida; Bangalore and Hyderabad are on the way.
5.4
Three — city not listed?
5.5
Offer a sample delivery or an expert video call.
6.1
Know the list, keep it current — store status changes fast.
6.2
Quiz time.